it's the weirdest thing Elijah can you
hear this speaker yeah I can hear
it somehow my microphone picks up
nothing right next to it but Elijah can
hear it from down the road now sound
waves are always directional to a degree
but this
thing is on a whole other level perhaps
magic spoiler no the oddly model B uses
Ultra rasonic Audio Waves which you
normally can't hear and add some special
sauce to create a directional speaker
that's designed to create a private
listening Zone giving the user a
headphon like
experience is that something people are
asking for and what are we giving up in
return also are there any fun creative
ways we could use this technology not
sure a few things and yes but before I
tell you about them Elijah needs to tell
you about our sponsor hey there you are
Ridge upgrade your everyday carry with a
ridge wallet their new Ridge lights are
just as functional and even more compact
than before use our link and save 10%
off your purchase and get free shipping
with code
lonus to help you guys experience how
cool this thing is we've set it up on a
lazy Susan in an open area of our
warehouse then all you got to do is pop
on a pair of headphones and you'll be
able to hear exactly what we hear with
the help of our friend Steve Elijah hit
[Music]
it that is so weird it sounds like it's
in the one ear and then it sounds like
it's inside my skull and then the other
ear and then it's
gone and then because we've got flat
surfaces here in the warehouse it
actually bounces off of some of them and
sounds like it's coming from completely
different places now alongside the
greatest song of all time you might have
heard a slight buzzing or interference
or Dropout sound that's because the
microphones are picking up some of those
ultrasonic frequencies that I mentioned
earlier but to most human ears it sounds
as clear as any other speaker you'd find
at the local Best Buy how does this work
and what makes it different from a
traditional speaker in a traditional
speaker two things contribute to the
audio that you hear
the amplitude or how hard the speaker
pushes against the air around it
determines how loud it is and the
frequency which is how many of these
Cycles it completes per second
contributes to the pitch Sound Energy
travels in waves just like ripples in a
body of water meaning that when you make
sound anybody nearby can hear baby no
money forget that Melody now we can
focus or aim it to a degree
[Music]
but because the wavelengths of audible
sound are so long the waves can travel
through solid objects and even bend
around corners that's why I can hear
this speaker pretty well from behind it
that's why these speakers use ultrasonic
transducers instead and I can
practically hear you guys shouting lus
humans can't hear ultrasonic frequencies
that's what makes them ultrasonic and
you're right we can't but thanks to some
math that I don't understand now and
probably never will we can alter the
amplitude and can modulate our
ultrasonic transducer array to encode
audible sound within ultrasonic sound
now it took decades and the development
of sophisticated computer simulations to
go from the original Theory to this
point but now that we're here it
flipping works and because ultrasonic
waves have much shorter wavelengths they
spread out far less creating a
relatively focused cone of audible
[Music]
sound it's still about 15° meaning that
at a great enough distance multiple
people can hear it but the effect in
person is really trippy not to mention a
lot of fun I'm in position where it
should be hard for anyone in the lab to
see me and I'm going to start up a Wan
show I thought someone was talking I
thought then I'm going to beam it around
the warehouse and see what
[Music]
happens next Target
Logistics I don't even know what this
plastic is here for it's clearly to
prevent peep Bad actors like you
Elijah's bringing a knife so we can
control Logistics now we're going to
point it through the plastic but first
we got to troll
Elijah so confused I can see Jamie okay
we're going to go for Jamie we're going
to go for
Jamie
okay where the how they all find us
immediately
dang it how'd you guys find us so fast I
heard through it earlier oh dang it well
you win some you lose some still a lot
of fun if we were smart and we really
wanted to throw people off though we
would use the effect where it bounces
off of flat surfaces creating a really
weird effect where it sounds like it's
coming from the Reflection Point rather
than from the location of the speaker
let me show you what I mean okay Elijah
I'm straight at you yep I hear it there
right there okay what if I bounce it
more times I hear it right about
there yeah and it it's super trippy if I
did not see you I would think it's
coming from the wall pretty wild right I
mean you'd think after a bounce or two
it would sound a lot farther away but
ultrasonic waves don't attenuate nearly
the way that audible waves do so whether
I'm 10 ft away or 100 ft away bouncing
once or four times
it sounds really similar the question
now is how far can we go well based on
what they saw in the intro you're going
to have to go a lot further than that
buddy all righty poor Elijah he's
getting his steps in today boys most
exercise I've done all year how about
now yeah I can still hear it how about
now no I don't hear it oh okay how about
if I aim it at
you I it sounds the exact
same I hear it totally fine okay keep
going oh oh my goodness it's crazy to me
how it's been sounding almost the exact
same volume the whole way how about now
I can still hear it that is wild we'll
keep going a little bit
more very faintly but I can still hear
it that is very cool we're almost at the
end of our parking
lot yeah you can still hear it I can
still hear it yeah and Andy can hear it
from back there
still oh
yeah going
there's a car in the way but we are from
end to end on the parking lot here's the
Google Maps image to show you how far we
are uh let's see if I can still hear it
do you hear it
Andy I hear the truck you might as well
come back oh my God this is freaking
hilarious they're standing in that
corner with all those cars around them
and I'm kind of moving it around a
little bit it's got to sound like it's
coming from like freaking everywhere
there was a split moment where all the
way at the end of the parking lot I
heard like one or two notes at that
distance the issue you're running into
is lining it up not even that you can
hear it anymore that is super cool but
ultrasonic waves do have a downside they
get blocked very easily you can see I'm
sitting here chilling listening to music
all I got to do is put this piece of
paper in front of it
and
H and there's more remember that sound
Jammer that we bought on AliExpress
in theory it can be deployed stealthily
but in practice we found that people
with sensitive hearing sorry sorry sorry
can pick up those high frequencies and
because those ultrasonic frequencies
need to be very high amplitude for the
encoding to work meaning they're very
loud it can create an uncomfortable
feeling for some people and especially
some animals with all that cool how does
it work stuff out of the way what are
these even for I mean I guess as a gamer
having a personal private listening cone
without needing to wear anything on my
head would be kind of liberating but at
this price yeah it's more for commercial
installations you know showrooms museums
and the like so you can step in front of
an interesting piece learn more about it
available now at LTT store.com and when
you're done you walk away and the audio
is gone with a cleverly designed Gallery
including soft surfaces to minimize
Reflections you can offer a pretty
engaging experience for your customers
or patrons oddly the makers of this
particular speaker focus on digital
signage and advertising but they also
highlight some pretty creative uses like
this one integration in a playground
haunted house pretty spooky what's
really cool is oddly is working on
cutting the costs but if you don't want
to wait there's actually tons of videos
online showing people building these
speakers for themselves including this
one guy who actually made it look like a
little gun to point at a Target I don't
know it's kind of cute just like this
cute segue to our sponsor thanks to
Corsair for sponsoring this episode
Corsair custom lab allows you to create
a gaming setup as unique as you are
start with a product like their K65 plus
wireless keyboard and select from a
variety of different themed key caps to
match your style from there you can add
a mouse and a mouse pad to complete the
look course sah handles all the heavy
lifting for you just make your Custom
Creation and they'll build it and ship
it right to you learn more at the link
in the video description if you guys did
enjoy this video go check out the
recording Jammer video that one was
super cool as well and helped cover up
some hot takes that lonus had